How to switch to a domain (for existing Knox Guard customers)
As an existing Knox Guard customer,
you'll be prompted to select a domain tenant
when you sign into the console as a super admin.
The domain selection screen appears immediately
after launching the Knox Guard console.
If you select "Finish later",
then you'll see a persistent notification at the top of your Knox Guard console
until you make the switch.
Once you initiate the switch, you'll be taken to the "Domain selection" page.
To learn about the characteristics of each domain type,
see the "Intro to domains" video in this series.
Review the available domain options and
select the one that best suits your business needs.
Note that once you select a domain type, it is irreversible.
If you select the "Device Financing" domain,
additional setup steps will be required.
You can learn more about these additional steps
in the "How to select the Device Financing domain" video.
When switching to a Device Financing domain,
you can choose to either apply Hardened Security mode
to your current devices immediately,
or apply it at a later time
by going to the "Policies" page,
then selecting "Hardened Security mode".
Note that once Hardened Security mode is applied,
this option will disappear from the "Policies" page.
After making your domain selection, click OK.
Your Knox Guard tenant will be assigned to your selected domain,
and you can continue to use the service as usual.
A few key things to note about switching to a Knox Guard domain:
Domain selection is only available to Knox Guard accounts
configured as "Normal" tenants.
If your existing Knox Guard account was configured as a "Pay-as-you-go" tenant,
then you'll automatically be transitioned to the "Device Financing" domain after signing in.
To learn more about Knox Guard domains, check out the other videos in this series,
or review our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!